Add page for each sub-protocol (#23)
ethereum/portal-website: pages/concepts/protocols/portal-sub-protocols/beacon-chain.md

# Beacon Network

> ***Note that this network is not yet fully production-ready***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***Note that this network is not production-ready***
```

I think we can be more direct here. Core specs are still changing, so it's not even close from a user point of view.

The Beacon Network serves data from the Beacon Chain (Ethereum's consensus protocol) designed to support light clients. 

> Light weight nodes and Portal clients will be able to keep up to date with the Ethereum chain and check the canonicality of their post-merge blocks using data retrieved this network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lightweight nodes and Portal clients will be able to use the data retrieved from this network to determine which blocks have made it on-chain, according to validators. This only applies to post-merge blocks.
```
Assuming most people don't immediately understand what canonical means, here's another option for how to explain it.
